🌐 Hydro Bank – About Us 💠 Our Logo & Identity (Hydro Bank ka logo yahan center
me rakho — bada, clean background me. Logo ke neeche tagline likho) “Powering
the Future of Digital Banking” 🚀 Our Vision Hydro Bank’s vision is to make
banking simple, secure, and accessible for everyone. We believe in financial
freedom, instant transactions, and a world where money moves as fast as ideas.
🎯 Our Mission To replace traditional barriers in banking with borderless
transactions. To provide a safe, transparent, and user-friendly financial
ecosystem. To empower individuals and businesses with modern digital tools. 🛠
Our Goals Build a global digital bank that everyone can access. Enable fast &
secure payments with Hydro Coin and other financial tools. Create an ecosystem
that supports AI, blockchain, and fintech innovation. 🧑‍🤝‍🧑 Why Choose Hydro Bank?
🔒 Secure – End-to-end encryption, user data privacy. ⚡ Fast – Instant,
borderless transactions. 🌍 Global – Accessible anywhere, anytime. 💡 Innovative
– Driven by AI & blockchain technology. 📌 Our Values Trust – We put customers
first. Transparency – Open, honest, and clear communication. Growth – Empowering
users to achieve financial freedom.                        ✅☑️✅✅

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Jo add karna chahiye / improve karne layak Acknowledgement Message / Thank You
Page Jab user form submit kare, ek clear “Thank you for applying — we’ll get
back to you in X days” message chahiye. Abhi dikha raha hai “Application
submitted successfully! We'll get back to you soon.” Ye thik hai, lekin better
hoga agar ek separate “Thank You” screen ya modal ho . Tracking of Applications

Admin panel: jahan tu dekh sake kaun apply kar raha hai (name, email, resume).

Form submissions store hona chahiye database me + email notification tumhe ya HR

ko. Field validations Email format check ho WhatsApp number length validate ho

Resume file format (PDF / DOC) + size limit set ho Privacy / Data Use Notice

Form ke neeche ek chhoti si line: “Your data will be used only for recruitment

purposes and will not be shared.” NDA checkbox already hai — accha hai.
Role-specific Skills Required Skills field ke alawa ek “Minimum experience /
expected skills” description ho jise applicant check kare before apply Remote /
Office Location Clarification Role ke saath likh do: “Remote / Hybrid / Office
(city)” — taaki applicant ko pata ho Deadline / Response Time “We respond within
2 weeks” – thik hai. Agar roles close ho rahe hain to deadline mention karo.
Security of Resume Upload File upload secure ho, virus scan ya upload size limit
ho 🔗 Form Submit Hone Ke Baad — Kya Hona Chahiye Jab user “Submit Application”
karega, form data ek server/database me store hona chahiye (jaise Firebase /
Node backend / any database). HR ya owner ko email notification ya alert milega
ki naya applicant apply kiya hai. Applicant ko ek confirmation email ya message
bheja jaaye, jisme likha ho “Thank you [Name], your application for [Role] has
been received. We’ll review and contact you within 14 days.”
-------------------------------------------------

<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1" />
    <title>App UI Design</title>
    <style>
      @import url("https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Montserrat:wght@400;600&display=swap");

      /* Global Styles */
      * {
        box-sizing: border-box;
      }
      body {
        margin: 0;
        min-height: 100vh;
        display: flex;
        justify-content: center;
        align-items: center;
        background: #8000ff; /* fallback purple */
        background: linear-gradient(
          135deg,
          #ad64ff 15%,
          #6f51ff 40%,
          #f965e9 70%,
          #4515f8 90%
        );
        font-family: "Montserrat", sans-serif;
      }

      /* Container for all 3 screens */
      .container {
        display: flex;
        gap: 40px;
        padding: 40px;
      }

      /* Phone Screen Styles */
      .phone {
        width: 280px;
        min-height: 600px;
        border-radius: 36px;
        background: rgba(255 255 255 / 0.15);
        box-shadow: inset 0 0 0 1px rgba(255 255 255 / 0.25),
          inset 0 4px 30px rgba(255 255 255 / 0.2);
        backdrop-filter: blur(16px);
        -webkit-backdrop-filter: blur(16px);
        display: flex;
        flex-direction: column;
        padding: 30px 24px 40px;
        color: white;
        position: relative;
      }

      /* Top Status Bar (time + icons) */
      .status-bar {
        display: flex;
        justify-content: space-between;
        font-weight: 600;
        font-size: 13px;
        padding-bottom: 16px;
      }
      .status-bar .left {
        opacity: 0.7;
      }
      .status-bar .right {
        display: flex;
        gap: 8px;
        opacity: 0.7;
      }
      .status-bar .right span {
        width: 12px;
        height: 12px;
        border-radius: 2px;
        background: white;
      }

      /* Typography */
      h1,
      h2,
      h3 {
        margin: 0 0 12px 0;
      }
      h1 {
        font-weight: 600;
        font-size: 22px;
        color: rgba(255 255 255 / 0.9);
      }
      h2 {
        font-weight: 600;
        font-size: 18px;
        margin-top: 10px;
        margin-bottom: 8px;
      }
      p,
      label {
        font-weight: 400;
        font-size: 13px;
        color: rgba(255 255 255 / 0.8);
        margin-bottom: 15px;
      }
      p.small {
        font-size: 11px;
        margin-top: auto;
        color: rgba(255 255 255 / 0.7);
      }

      /* Logo Screen */
      .logo-wrapper {
        margin: 60px 0 30px;
        display: flex;
        justify-content: center;
      }
      .logo-circle {
        background: rgba(255 255 255 / 0.3);
        width: 140px;
        height: 140px;
        border-radius: 50%;
        box-shadow: 0 15px 30px rgba(255 255 255 / 0.12);
        display: flex;
        justify-content: center;
        align-items: center;
      }
      .logo-circle img {
        width: 80px;
        height: 80px;
        object-fit: contain;
      }

      /* Buttons */
      button {
        width: 100%;
        padding: 14px 0;
        border-radius: 8px;
        border: none;
        font-weight: 600;
        font-size: 14px;
        letter-spacing: 1px;
        cursor: pointer;
        transition: background 0.3s ease;
      }
      .btn-primary {
        background: rgba(255 255 255 / 0.6);
        color: #8000ff;
        box-shadow: 0 4px 15px rgba(255 255 255 / 0.4);
      }
      .btn-primary:hover {
        background: rgba(255 255 255 / 0.8);
      }
      /* Link style for login and account */
      .text-link {
        text-align: center;
        font-size: 12px;
        color: rgba(255 255 255 / 0.8);
        margin-top: 16px;
      }
      .text-link a {
        color: rgba(255 255 255 / 0.9);
        text-decoration: underline;
        cursor: pointer;
      }
      .text-link a:hover {
        color: #fff;
      }

      /* Forms */
      form {
        width: 100%;
        display: flex;
        flex-direction: column;
      }
      label {
        font-size: 11px;
        margin-bottom: 6px;
        opacity: 0.75;
      }
      input[type="email"],
      input[type="password"] {
        padding: 10px 12px;
        border-radius: 6px;
        border: none;
        margin-bottom: 15px;
        font-size: 13px;
        outline: none;
        background: rgba(255 255 255 / 0.7);
        color: #333;
        font-weight: 600;
        box-shadow: inset 0 2px 5px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1);
        transition: box-shadow 0.3s ease;
      }
      input[type="email"]::placeholder,
      input[type="password"]::placeholder {
        color: #999;
        font-weight: 400;
      }
      input[type="email"]:focus,
      input[type="password"]:focus {
        box-shadow: inset 0 2px 5px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.3);
        background: #fff;
      }

      /* Password field wrapper with eye icon */
      .password-wrapper {
        position: relative;
      }
      .password-wrapper input {
        padding-right: 30px;
      }
      .password-wrapper .eye-icon {
        position: absolute;
        right: 10px;
        top: 12px;
        width: 16px;
        height: 16px;
        opacity: 0.4;
        cursor: pointer;
        user-select: none;
      }

      /* Welcome screen text */
      .welcome-message {
        font-size: 12px;
        color: rgba(255 255 255 / 0.8);
        margin-bottom: 30px;
      }

      /* Welcome heading */
      .welcome-header {
        margin-bottom: 8px;
        color: #fff;
      }

      /* Click Now box on top-left - outside the phones */
      .download-text {
        position: absolute;
        top: 25px;
        left: 25px;
        color: white;
        font-weight: 600;
        font-size: 16px;
        background: white;
        border-radius: 4px;
        padding: 4px 8px;
      }
      .download-text span {
        font-weight: 700;
        color: #001aff;
        cursor: pointer;
        margin-left: 8px;
      }
    </style>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div class="download-text">FREE DOWNLOAD: <span>Click Now</span></div>

    <div class="container">
      <!-- First Phone Screen -->
      <div class="phone">
        <div class="status-bar">
          <div class="left">9:41</div>
          <div class="right">
            <span></span>
            <span></span>
            <span></span>
          </div>
        </div>

        <h1 style="color: #a18fff; text-align: center; letter-spacing: 1.5px">
          YOUR APP
        </h1>

        <div class="logo-wrapper">
          <div class="logo-circle">
            <!-- Put your logo image or SVG here -->
            <img
              src="https://i.imgur.com/IHVVzvT.png"
              alt="Design Point Logo"
            />
          </div>
        </div>

        <p
          style="
            text-align: center;
            color: #e7e1eb;
            font-size: 13px;
            line-height: 1.4;
          "
        >
          Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur. Amet porttitor culis arcu
          volutpat arcu arcu aliquet. Risus magna tellus scelerisque amet amet
          sed at.
        </p>

        <button class="btn-primary">GET STARTED</button>
      </div>

      <!-- Second Phone Screen -->
      <div class="phone">
        <div class="status-bar">
          <div class="left">9:41</div>
          <div class="right">
            <span></span>
            <span></span>
            <span></span>
          </div>
        </div>

        <h1 class="welcome-header" style="text-align: center">WELCOME!</h1>
        <p
          class="welcome-message"
          style="text-align: center; margin-bottom: 30px"
        >
          Create your account to get started. After that,<br />you can share
          books and make friends.
        </p>

        <form>
          <h3>Create New Account</h3>

          <label for="email1">EMAIL</label>
          <input type="email" id="email1" placeholder="designpoint@gmail.com" />

          <label for="password1">PASSWORD</label>
          <div class="password-wrapper">
            <input type="password" id="password1" placeholder="••••••••" />
            <svg
              class="eye-icon"
              fill="none"
              stroke="#a18fff"
              stroke-width="1.5"
              viewBox="0 0 24 24"
              xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg"
              aria-hidden="true"
            >
              <path
                stroke-linecap="round"
                stroke-linejoin="round"
                d="M15 12a3 3 0 1 1-6 0 3 3 0 0 1 6 0z"
              ></path>
              <path
                stroke-linecap="round"
                stroke-linejoin="round"
                d="M2.458 12C3.732 7.943 7.523 5 12 5c4.477 0 8.268 2.943 9.542 7-1.274 4.057-5.065 7-9.542 7-4.477 0-8.268-2.943-9.542-7z"
              ></path>
            </svg>
          </div>

          <label for="password2">TYPE PASSWORD AGAIN</label>
          <div class="password-wrapper">
            <input type="password" id="password2" placeholder="•••••" />
            <svg
              class="eye-icon"
              fill="none"
              stroke="#a18fff"
              stroke-width="1.5"
              viewBox="0 0 24 24"
              xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg"
              aria-hidden="true"
            >
              <path
                stroke-linecap="round"
                stroke-linejoin="round"
                d="M15 12a3 3 0 1 1-6 0 3 3 0 0 1 6 0z"
              ></path>
              <path
                stroke-linecap="round"
                stroke-linejoin="round"
                d="M2.458 12C3.732 7.943 7.523 5 12 5c4.477 0 8.268 2.943 9.542 7-1.274 4.057-5.065 7-9.542 7-4.477 0-8.268-2.943-9.542-7z"
              ></path>
            </svg>
          </div>

          <button type="submit" class="btn-primary">CREATE ACCOUNT</button>
        </form>

        <p class="text-link" style="font-size: 12px; margin-top: 16px">
          Already have an account? <a href="#">Login</a>
        </p>
      </div>

      <!-- Third Phone Screen -->
      <div class="phone">
        <div class="status-bar">
          <div class="left">9:41</div>
          <div class="right">
            <span></span>
            <span></span>
            <span></span>
          </div>
        </div>

        <h1 style="text-align: center">LOG IN</h1>

        <form>
          <label for="email2">EMAIL</label>
          <input type="email" id="email2" placeholder="designpoint@gmail.com" />

          <label for="password3">PASSWORD</label>
          <div class="password-wrapper">
            <input type="password" id="password3" placeholder="••••••••" />
            <svg
              class="eye-icon"
              fill="none"
              stroke="#a18fff"
              stroke-width="1.5"
              viewBox="0 0 24 24"
              xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg"
              aria-hidden="true"
            >
              <path
                stroke-linecap="round"
                stroke-linejoin="round"
                d="M15 12a3 3 0 1 1-6 0 3 3 0 0 1 6 0z"
              ></path>
              <path
                stroke-linecap="round"
                stroke-linejoin="round"
                d="M2.458 12C3.732 7.943 7.523 5 12 5c4.477 0 8.268 2.943 9.542 7-1.274 4.057-5.065 7-9.542 7-4.477 0-8.268-2.943-9.542-7z"
              ></path>
            </svg>
          </div>

          <button type="submit" class="btn-primary">LOG IN</button>
        </form>

        <p class="text-link" style="font-size: 12px; margin-top: 16px">
          New here? <a href="#">Create an account</a>
        </p>
      </div>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
